s
what's up pink how are you I'm cousin
yours and good but it's very good in this
occasion to come bring a tutorial of
what are you uncomfortable online I have
stack and sell your vehicle you only
to generate millions in minutes but
first of all you already know how to like
this video subscribe to what are the
social networks that are shown separately
down just like the channel to not
lose any video not now that
we took up a few things
number one is a game only for the
invitation of preference number two
will be inside our garage number 3
we are going to have a vehicle parked in
this place that obviously is
totally tuned to give us the
as much money as possible when
what it was to show and sell ok now
we also occupy what is a vehicle
which we do not mind losing in this
case I have what is a street in reveals
at the end of what is this grain
now let's take out the cell phone we're going to
go to the internet let's go to the section
of travel and transportation here we will go down
until the last section of vehicles and
well let's go to choose any
vehicle that is here not
matter what it is simply to do
one step of what is this little trick
in this case to use what meat
reveal how I can buy the color
but I'm not going to put any
channel just to get this out
small menu of part
left now with this I will be able to
move what is this little box of
tools which I'm obviously going to
push twice in front with the
left pad now let's start
move the vehicle so that more or
less attached to what is the wall now
eye here it is very important that the
circle that is here that makes
that moves the good vehicles to stay more
or less in what is the middle part
between what is the car and the defense of
this vehicle ok now the box
tools have to cover the door
of the copilot
now we will stop and then we
we will apply the b button once
cancel and the button and to cancel what
which is the vehicle which obviously
we are asking now we stand back
in this little circle and we're going to
crush what is the button and or the button
triangle and quickly the pad towards the
right so obviously we can
put the vehicle and we can move the
then we selected first the
leader which is obviously we climb
and we will clone it in this place that
Find the chain in revel as you can
see there do it now we do not accelerate
quickly now we take out the vehicle
obviously we put it back and like
you can see this is the original and this one
is here at the end or at the beginning
as you want to see it is the copy no
Now we can sell this copy here
and the simplest thing just now
I have to take out this vehicle and go
quickly what are the saints that
you here we're going to expect the
sexy hat will attend us if it hits
this is the vehicle in the course of
garage to the saints custom good you're going to
repair it obviously and good after
followed by this we will sell it as
you can see they are going to give me 759 thousand 540
dollars for selling this vehicle now
obviously appear in the part of
outside I simply ask again what
it's another street in revel and good
I repeat again what the process is not
and this is going to be giving me
pretty money every so often not
so I hope you liked this
tutorial remember dale like this
video for more videos like these
Remember that money can vary
they always go to the same thing because
obviously they are book but good i hope
I am serving the first we are
in the next one I'm going